hello my name is Andrew O'Brien founder
of an ocular vision and design and this
is the batch pro for a poser 7 tutorial
batch pro for poser 7 is a plug-in which
allows the user to render multiple poser
files automatically with all the long
hours you put in your projects there are
still a large number of hours that may
be thrown away each day while you eat
sleep or just tend to your daily lives
they don't involve your projects with
patch Pro you can set up multiple scenes
with different camera angles lights
render settings etc and render them
while you are away from your computer
thereby increasing productivity and
regaining those hours of lost
opportunity cost so let's begin when you
want to use batch pro for poser 7 you
want to start off with a blank poser
seen you want to start off where there
are no scenes if you already have it
installed in your computer you should be
able to go to scripts scripts menu then
go to inoculate vision design and batch
pro for poser 7 will be available as you
can see this is a very simple interface
if you want to add a file to batch Pro
just click on the add file button and
navigate to the folder where you have
your files and the file appears here you
cannot add another file you try to add
another file in this in this dial in
this entry you will get a message that
says you have to first add this file to
the batch queue down here okay so let's
say we wanted our file format to be in
PNG as you can see there are the
different image file formats as well as
the swf I didn't include the AVI file
format because poser smith micro has not
given developers access to the
compression the different compression
formats for the AVI which means that
even even though polls are Python allows
for avi rendering you'd still have to
select which compression you'd like
which enact pretty much kills the idea
of the batch process when you have a
batch process you want everything to be
automatic so that's why you'll see it
here even in poser Pro their batch
process does not include the AV oschous
images or swf ok we're going to select
the preview option you see this 70 here
this is the compression rate but it only
applies to the JPEG if you choose any
other kind of format this value will be
ignored okay we're going to use preview
only because previews faster we already
have every other option select it and we
are going to add to the batch a dialog
is going to pop up and it's going to
show you the different settings that you
have if you're satisfied with those
settings select ok also the motion blur
will not be applied unless you actually
select motion blur but you notice once
you add the file to the bench the file
in the add file entry it disappears so
now you're prepared to add another file
to your batch ok and we want to keep
this time we're going to change the file
to jpg and we're going to say we want to
send 70 / small so it's a preview so
let's put it to a hundred percent and we
want to start at frame 31 and go to
frame 1 but we're trying to go to frame
1 you'll see a bad input error that says
that the end frame has to be greater
than a star frame which should be the
case ok so now we want to add that will
get a readout we accept those and we'll
add one more file let another file
oh that's not where I want to go I want
to go to hear test three okay and we
want to go from frames but first we want
to make this swf file and we want to go
for frames 61 to frame 90 now when you
go to swf now you have the option to add
some of the flash export settings the
flash export settings will be ignored if
you choose image image format okay we
want where I'm pretty fine with these
settings so don't need to do anything
special with these we're going to add
that to the batch as you can see the
flash settings are now included with the
regular read out because now we're using
the SWF format click OK after we have
our three movies we can now run the
batch and you should see that a poser
file opens up and this is the first
movie this is your first pz3 file that
is being rendered and if i'm not
mistaken we chose the PNG file format
you can't see because i don't have the
screen to the bottom but you can see
that this is on 100 frames what I've
done and what you will have to do is
this all three of these files the test
test2 and test3 are actually the same
file just with different names and the
reason why I did that is because batch
pro is going to use the name of the file
to render out the images so if you're
rendering multiple times from the same
file you're going to render out say and
your file format is the same let's say
you decided you wanted multiple rent
multiple PNG renders of the same file
but you're just using different
different frame ranges you know first
one is 12 30 just like we did here
second one is 31 to 60 and so on and so
forth you're going to end up over
writing you've run the risk of
overriding your of files which is why
even if you're using this same
main pz3 the same polls are seen you're
going to save it multiple times if
you're using the same directory so that
you don't overwrite any images that you
want to use in the future also of note
is you'll find that the batch probe will
save the resultant images the rendered
images to the to the directory that the
that your scene is in as you can see
that once the batches through batch pro
is going to shut itself down so let's go
to the folder that contained those three
files and as you can see that this is a
JPEG file at a hundred percent and here
is the this is the PNG file and at the
bottom we should see the flash file that
has the remaining 30 frames so as you
can see batch Pro proposed is a very
easy tool once again the image files or
the SWF file will be rendered and saved
it within the same folder that your
movie files are in and you see that they
didn't take any time at all of course
the time is going to be dependent on the
type of setting you use we could have
used sketch if you're going to use
sketch or any any files that you use
make sure you save the render and sketch
settings within that file because batch
Pro will does not give you the option to
set render settings or anything like
that it just gives you the option to set
out I'm output settings for each render
okay this has been batch pro for poser 7
tutorial my name is Andrew O'Brien and
thank you for watching I hope you
enjoyed take care